flessel and 2c husband of the girl I share the wheel even recognized but re5
with marlene produced on the bronze trophy
and last weekend it eats we sleep it's me who took over so we
wanted to change the scenery we do not end up in the ski resort on
is found to show the true facade of the company in a center
back then when you found in the show that follows I
go see how in the snow was sometimes part of the blow we were
victim of a lot of changes in snow cover and ice and
bitumen then for us pilots like for me and my car every day
and well the tire plays a vital role in these conditions I received your
worldview he explained brand strategy on this specific point
so this is the most used on where rose water electric car
when a company like their self does not engage in a competition like
this is to be with our partners and well to prepare
the automobile of tomorrow here or elsewhere extreme conditions to the trophy
andros snow ice conditions of cold and well this is very we
useful and well to offer our customers the best of technology and the
better safety and since the safety of our customers does not have to
to be a luxury back for two years engaged in a price policy
low all year round on all brands and all tire ranges
private icon loop and winter tires and I give you an appointment with a
technician back to talk to you about it
note that it is a hair suitable for temperatures above 30 degrees
below this threshold
the range will harden like a chewing gum in contact with the net with the cold
so it's best to switch to winter tires that's going to have a lady
much softer much more tender it is more suitable a better
adhesion to the floor this range is hardened by low temperature
contrary to popular belief the cned hilaire is not more brilliant the
suspect has faster and is suitable for wet ground
with a much better braking distance reducing braking by 35% by
compared to a summer tire do not hesitate to spend the first winter of November
to march for the road safely
these listening thank you very much to realize to enlighten what the state is very
important
herved at all to the endorsement for two hours last weekend the
conditions were a bit difficult
on the one hand I have not driven for three weeks of the presentation
press
the ranking is so many casualties on the track
at last she is that of a director
indeed described as private
also recognition of tires with 50 points more
speed in the side braking the car to middle ground
with a hamar park to register is with this part because in a
large part of the competitors ready to lose themselves
pretty much meanwhile comedian to anger with the conditions
springtime I hope it's all
and the elite is still very important you do not feel in a dime
rothau here is the largest of france to the isi will be in station even better
the snow in the sun anyway thank you their 6 victories against the ass
next window that